{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Watershed Segmentation\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 Algorithm Steps
\b0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Perform watershed segmentation and marker-based segmentation on holes.pgm and cells_small.pgm images.\
1. First compute the Magnitude of the input image using Gaussian kernel and Gaussian derivative (sigma=0.6)\
2. MAIN. m MUST imshow the quantized Magnitude image in a separate window titled, 'Normal Watershed: Magnitude'.\
3. MAIN. m calls your watershed function as: [label]=Watershed(Magnitude), which returns a labeled image denoting segmented portions of the image. MAIN.m MUST imshow the label image in a separate window titled, 'Normal Watershed: Labels'. In case, the label image contains labels above 255 or if the labels are too small, scale the label values to 0-255 scale for display purposes. Example:\
Lshow=(255*label)/(max(max(label)));\
figure;\
imshow(uint8(Lshow));\
SECTION 2 Watershed segmentation using Markers \
1. First compute the Magnitude of the input image using Gaussian kernel and Gaussian derivative (sigma=0.6)\
2. MAIN. m MUST imshow the quantized Magnitude image in a separate window titled, 'Marker Watershed: Magnitude'.\
3. Obtain the Marker image as follows:\
a. Obtain the threshold image of the input image. MAIN.m MUST imshow threshold image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Threshold'.\
b. Compute the chamfer distance of the threshold image. MAIN.m MUST imshow chamfer image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Chamfer'.\
c. Compute normal watershed of the chamfer distance image. MAIN.m MUST imshow normal watershed image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Watershed of Chamfer'.\
d. Compute the edge image of the normal watershed image from c to obtain lines between objects. MAIN.m MUST imshow edge image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Edges separating objects'.\
e. Create the marker by ORing the threshold image and edge image from d. MAIN.m MUST imshow Marker image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Watershed Marker'.\
4. Perform Marker-Based watershed segmentation using Marker. MAIN.m MUST imshow label image in a separate window titled 'Marker Watershed: Label Image'.\
\'a05. Using the label images, identify the ridge lines separating catchment basins and highlight the ridge lines in the main input image in green.\
}